# stockpediction_AI
I started this project to get more familiar with Artificial Intelligence. Everywhere around me whether it be search engines or job appications, I see the utilization of AI. As a result, I wanted to learn more about this new popular subject which is the future of computer science. The project I decided to make was relating to the prediction of stock prices as I have been investing recently. By no means should you depend on AI in its current condition to invest in stocks. However, this small application can eventually become more and more accurate and in a matter of years yield us accurate results for a stock price. The code that I first wrote to predict stock prices was a logarithimic regression. This code clearly doesn't follow the pattern of stock prices which are all over the price and unpredictable. As a result, my first project was a fail, but I was introduced on how to use models to my advantage. After weeks of research in understanding different models and what parameters they used, I decided that an LSTM model might be a smart option to use. An LSTM is essentially a neural network which doesn't deal with the issue of forgetting past data. This is advantageous as many stock prices are interrelated to their previous prices, and making it very applicable to remember. Another thing that I added to my new code was GridSearchCV. The purpose of this was for hyperparamater optimization where it would find the most optimized parameters for my scoring requirements in a given range that I provided. The issue that came with GridSearchCV is that it requires lot of computation power which wasn't being handled on my laptop. As a result, my code would often crash. The reason was that GridSearchCV would one-by-one check each combination of paramaters to see their optimization compared to other scenarios. However, I found another similar form of hyperparameter optimization which was RandomizedSearchCV. This method would take 10 random combinations of which it would determine the best situation. This allowed for a more limited amount of computational thinking allowing for it to run on my laptop. All of this was a very fun process where I learned about many other libraries aside from the talked about models above such as Pandas, Numpy, and more. All of these have deepened my understanding of Python's potential but also the easy access to machine learning models through the use of libraries in Python.
